Document Electric Machines (#3995)
GregTechCEu/GregTechCEu-1.19: docs/content/Gameplay/Electricity/Energy-Storage.md

# Electric Energy Storage
Generators are expensive. It's often useful to make a small bank of generators to power a large array of machines,
understanding that the machines will not usually all be operating at full power at the same time. This becomes especially
true at EV and beyond, when singleblock generators are no longer an option. To answer these concerns and give power stability,

> Energy storage.

Reviewer: This doesn't flow nice, maybe change?

## Batteries
Available at the beginnings of LV and present at all energy tiers, a Battery is an item which stores EU. Batteries are
generally made in the Canner, out of a Battery Hull and some amount of acceptable Dust (initially Lithium, Cadmium, or
Sodium). Higher-tier batteries (HV and beyond) also include the Energy Crystal, Lapotron Crystal, and the various
Lapotron Orb derivatives. These Crystal batteries are made using Autoclaves and Assemblers, and are more expensive than 
traditional batteries, but have much higher power capacities.

Batteries can be used in four ways:

* Batteries can be placed in singleblock [Electric Machines](./Machines.md#singleblock-machines). All singleblock machines
have a dedicated Battery slot, marked with a lightning bolt. A Battery placed in this slot will:
    * Charge from the machine's energy buffer, if the machine's buffer is above 2/3s full
    * Discharge to feed the machine's buffer, if the buffer is below 1/3 full
* Batteries held in a player's inventory will use their held charge to recharge electric tools or Armor that the player

> is holding or wearing. This behavior can be deactivated by shift-right-clicking while holding the battery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Batteries held in a player's inventory will use their held charge to recharge electric tools or Armor that the player
is holding or wearing. This behavior can be (de)activated by shift-right-clicking while holding the battery.
```
